Docs, part 18 (#507)
yiisoft/validator: docs/guide/client-side-validation.md

# Client side validation

> Unlike Yii 2, the package does not provide any handling of the validation rules on the client side. Likely it will be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike Yii2, the package does not provide any handling of the validation rules on the client side. Likely it will be 
```
